## What are some specific hypothetical examples of how this data will be used?
- Pricing actuaries evaluate the rates in a state to understand if they are adequate based on the losses we've incurred.
   - Let's pretend a pricing actuary is completing a Wisconsin review and there have been concerns around whether our accidents surcharges are appropriate.
   - They typically use 3 to 5 years of data because they want to make sure that their data is credible.
   - If within the last 3 to 5 years, we've made changes to our accident surcharges, we want to be modify our historical premium data to account for the newest accident surcharges.
   - If someone with 1 accident was charged a 10% surcharge in 2020 and then we increased that to 20% in 2021 and then to 30% in 2022, we'd want to be able to evaluate our historical premiums and losses accounting for the fact that we already increased that surcharge from 10% to 30%.
   - If we weren't able to modify our historical data to current surcharge levels, then the policies written in 2020 and 2021 would be using their old surcharges which we already knew were too low and made changes to fix.
- An insurance regulator in State X is opposed to insurance companies using gender to vary insurance premiums.
   - We are taken to court and need to demonstrate that gender is predictive of loss experience, so we need to provide historical data that demonstrates that loss experience is different for each gender.
   - Let's assume we collect the gender raw data element from a 3rd party vendor and those raw values come to us in the form of M, F, U, and N (for male, female, unknown, and non-binary, respectively)
   - Let's also assume that in 2020, we would take those raw data values and use rules to transform those into gender characteristic values of male, female, or unknown.  In this case, M raw data element would result in M gender characteristic value and F raw data element would result in F gender characteristic value.  However, let' say that we decided to group U and N raw data elements into an unknown gender characteristic value U.
    - If in 2021, State X starting requiring all insurance companies to have non-binary be a gender characteristic value, then our rules would change and we'd now have gender characteristic values for M, F, U, and N.
  -  If we needed to produce the loss experience data for the non-binary gender in 2020 and 2021, then we would need to know the raw data elements we received and the business rules applied at a given point in time so that we could identify the 'N' raw data element values we received in 2020.